Artificial: means that the biases and capabilities inherited by the entity/product originate (intentionally or unwittingly) from the choices/actions of other agents (rather than from evolution).General: means the same thing as when we refer to a general purpose computer; Given sufficient resources (inherited or acquired) it can engage any ‘problem’/challenge. {Though a general purpose computer/agent may require an impractical amount of resources to achieve its goal/output (time, memory, etc.).}Intelligence: is a composite fitness metric. As with biological fitness, its evaluation requires that we specify both an agent/organism and an environment. {What is intelligent/fit (of a specified organism/agent) in one environment is not so in another.}Given a set of inherent biases, the entity values some outcomes/stimuli positively and some negatively. {Describing an intelligence = describing a thing with goals.}Given a set of environmental conditions, the present context implies some positive and/or negative outcomes. {Set of entities/events causally implies specific progression/outcomes}Recognition (inherited or acquired retention and recall) of these potentials acts to select the greatest value gradients (attractive or repulsive) = the present goal/priority set (attention). {Selection of present goal(s) which complements/fits the present scenario (environment conditions)}Some primary goal(s) are more beneficial that others given a particular scenario. {Generalized intelligence is coordinated/fit goal selection which can span all conceivable scenarios (solutions may be counterfactual (‘if I could fly’ may easily be a valid tactic which would result in success, so airplanes get invented))}Selection of actions/behaviors then has its own fitness; A selected sub-goal/tactic may be within the (believed) capabilities of the entity (accessible) and toward the more-desirable outcome (convergent), and more or less efficient/effective (error/reward value).Intention (volition) is always toward an improved outcome, when compared to alternate outcomes in which the entity interceded otherwise, or failed/elected-not-to intercede. An agent which cannot intercede in the progression of its reality is not, by this definition, to be considered 'intelligent' (which is the intuitive motivator behind the 'embodiment' movement).